feat: adds the defaults readme and updates other readmes (#39)
ZupIT/beagle-helpers: README.md

# Beagle-helpers

Beagle Helpers is a solution to facilitate the process of implementing a Beagle framework 

> into an Android, iOS or Web project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into an Android, iOS or Web projects
```

> Beagle Helpers is a solution to facilitate the process of implementing a Beagle framework 
> into an Android, iOS or Web projects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beagle Helpers is a solution to facilitate the use of the Beagle framework in an Android, iOS or Web projects
```

> The initial setup of Beagle requires quite a few classes and configurations and in order to make this process 
> faster and more dynamic each platform have developed a few libs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The initial setup of Beagle requires quite a few classes and configurations and, in order to make this process 
faster and more dynamic, each platform has developed a few libs.
```

> The initial setup of Beagle requires quite a few classes and configurations and, in order to make this process 
> faster and more dynamic, each platform has developed a few libs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The initial setup of Beagle requires quite a few classes and configurations and, in order to make this process faster and more dynamic, each platform has developed a few libs.
```

<hr>

### How to configure?

> Here you will find each Android, iOS and WEB repository for libs or scripts that assists in implementing 
> a Beagle Framework in your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you will find Android, iOS and WEB repositories for libs or scripts that assists in implementing a Beagle Framework in your project:
```

> * [Android libs](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle-helpers/tree/main/android)
> * [iOS libs](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle-helpers/tree/main/iOS)
> * Web libs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [**Android libs**](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle-helpers/tree/main/android)
* [**iOS libs**](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle-helpers/tree/main/iOS)
* Web libs
```
